i think that that that covid will
probably
be you know our generation's equivalent
of world war three you know it's the
the first thing that has uh uniformly
hit us all
systems have broken down and
um the ability for you know
millions and millions of day laborers
who
you know were already sort of existing
on a
very the very thin line of poverty
um they're not able to feed themselves
because they don't have they don't have
employment you hear stories about
farmers who
you know can't sell their crop or can't
bring in their crop committing suicide
you hear
you know in bangladesh stories of
of garment workers who have have lost
in their employment because the market
is dried up who are
you know committing acts of violence
you